fix(docs): 6/5 grammar in `book/` (#2218)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/structs-and-messages.mdx

---
title: Structs and Messages
description: "Structs can define complex data types that contain multiple fields of different types, while Messages also have a 32-bit header and are convenient for receiving and sending message bodies on TON Blockchain."
---

import { Badge } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Tact supports a number of [primitive data types](/book/types#primitive-types) that are tailored for smart contract use. However, using individual means of storage often becomes cumbersome, so there are [Structs](#structs) and [Messages](#messages), which allow combining types together.

After successful compilation, Tact produces a [compilation report](/book/compile), which features all the declared [Structs](#structs) and [Messages](#messages), including those from the Core standard library. See the [Structures section of the compilation report](/book/compile#structures) for details.

:::caution

>   **Warning**: Currently, circular types are **not** possible. This means that Struct/Message **A** can't have a field of Struct/Message **B** if Struct/Message **B** has a field of Struct/Message **A**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Currently, circular types are **not** possible. This means that struct or message struct `A` can't have a field of struct or message struct type `B` if `B` has a field of type `A`.
```
